Black Vinegar Middle School
Black Vinegar Middle School Gang Leader:
Edano Tsuyoshi
Salt Middle School Gang Leader:
Onigawara Tenga
What's for lunch today?
We can actually go out for lunch sometime,
right? Right? Right? Right?
Black Vinegar Middle School 2nd-year:
Hanazawa Teruki
A.K.A.: Teru
Mob Psycho 100
Idiots Only Event
~Kin~
Seasoning City, Salt Middle School
Spirits and Such Consultation Office
Graphic Exorcism
Wha!!?
A Delicious Lifestyle - MobDonalds
Where Dimples Magically Appear
On Your Face When You Eat
We're Looking For Our God.
The Psycho Helmet Religion
Find the Area
Progress Toward Mob's Explosion: 28%
Mob Psycho 100
To Kageyama-kun of the
Body Improvement Club 3 How are you?
I'm a girl, but Kageyama-kun,
I abhor you!!!
I'll be waiting for you at Ankle Park.
3 Please come!!!
Challenge. By Onigawara.
You took real good care of us last time.
Our helper will deal with you this time,
so come to Ankle Park.
Bring as many as you want.
Don't run away, you rice bastards!!!
Ankle Park
Put on Muscle! Burn the Fat!
We have Kageyama. If you want him back,
fight us. From Black Vinegar Middle School
Body Improvement Club - Pumped Up
Goda Musashi
Kageyama
Progression Toward Mob's Explosion: 45%
OCHIMUSHA
~Psychic Powers and Me~